Are you going to enter the photo competition, Tony?
You bet.
I want to beat Huo Jun this year.
He's not going to win it twice.
Huo Jun?
He's the boy who won the photo competition last year.
The one who took photos at the school dance.
That's right.
The thing is, he's really good.
And the general standard of the competition is much higher this year.
I have a feeling that we can solve these little difficulties.
What are the subjects that they've chosen for this year's competition?
Nature, home and away, city and people, and music.
I think Huo Jun will choose music.
Why don't you choose the subject home and away and take photos of Beijing?
But Beijing isn't my hometown.
It's Cambridge.
It doesn't matter.
Take some photos of Beijing and add some photos of Cambridge that you took recently.
That's a good idea.
What about that photo of my cousin flying kites with Chinese kids in the summer palace?
And the one of him reading a Chinese menu for the first time in Cambridge.
Nice photos.
I'm sure you're in with a chance.